Document error with VDIs live migration (#417)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/troubleshooting/common-problems.md

Remove `/var/lib/xcp-ng-xapi-plugins/updater.py.lock` and that should fix it.

---

## Unable to live migrate VDI disks between SRs

### Cause

The upgrade from 8.2 to 8.3 can cause an issue where `/etc/stunnel/xapi-pool-ca-bundle.pem` can be empty.

> You can check this with `du /etc/stunnel/xapi-pool-ca-bundle.pem` on the host.

Reviewer: Personnally I'd do a simple `ls -l` and then explain how to recognize the problem from there.

It will cause problems with live migrating VDI between SRs (with the VM staying on the same host) where the migration fails with:
```
Xenops_interface.Xenopsd_error([S(Internal_error);S(Sys_error(\"Connection reset by peer\"))])
```

### Solution

The solution is to run this command to create the file:
```
xe host-refresh-server-certificate host=<host name>
```
This will create the correct file on the host.
You can run this command to execute it on all the host of the pool:
```
xe host-list --minimal | tr "," "\n" | xargs -I _ xe host-param-get uuid=_ param-name=name-label | xargs -I _ xe host-refresh-server-certificate host=_
```

> 

Reviewer 2: We can also maybe add an interesting link to the xapi doc `https://xapi-project.github.io/new-docs/design/pool-certificates/index.html` if people wants to go deeper in their understanding.

Remove `/var/lib/xcp-ng-xapi-plugins/updater.py.lock` and that should fix it.

---

## Unable to live migrate VDI between SRs

> ### Cause

Reviewer: Let's add a `### Symptoms` section first. 

Update: so, that's something we should have applied to all sections in this file. Your addition is consistent, but our structure doesn't really make sense. We should always describe what is visibly wrong before getting into the details of the causes :D

So, forget about my comment for now, or add the description of the problem to all of them. Your choice.

> Upgrading from 8.2 to 8.3 can cause an issue where `/etc/stunnel/xapi-pool-ca-bundle.pem` can be empty or missing

Reviewer: Do we know what causes this issue during upgrade?

You can check this with `du /etc/stunnel/xapi-pool-ca-bundle.pem` on the host.
It will cause problems with live migrating VDI between SRs (even if the VM remains on the same host) where the migration fails with:
```
Xenops_interface.Xenopsd_error([S(Internal_error);S(Sys_error(\"Connection reset by peer\"))])
```

### Solution

> To fix, this, run this command to create the file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To fix this, create the file with the following command:
```
